## ClassDef ConversationModel
**ConversationModel**: The function of the ConversationModel class is to define a chat recording model that stores the details of a chat conversation in a database. 

**Properties**:
- `id`: Dialog ID, which is a unique identifier for each dialog box, using the String type.
- `name`: Dialog name, the name of the stored dialog box, using the String type.
- `chat_type`: Chat type: Identifies the type of chat (such as normal chat, customer service chat, etc.), and uses the String type.
- `create_time`: Created time, the time when the record dialog was created, using the DateTime type, the default value is the current time.

**Code Description**:
The ConversationModel class, which inherits from the Base class, is an ORM model that maps tables in a database`conversation`. The model contains four fields:`id` , ,`name` `chat_type`, and that `create_time`store the unique identifier of the dialog, the name, the type of chat, and the time it was created. The`id` field is set as the primary key. In addition, the class has rewritten `__repr__`the methods so that the main information of the instance is clearly displayed when the instance is printed. 

In the project, the ConversationModel class is used to create and manage chat record data. For example, in the`server/db/repository/conversation_repository.py` function in , a `add_conversation_to_db`new feature of chat recording is implemented by creating an instance of the ConversationModel and adding it to the database conversation. This shows the important role that the ConversationModel class plays in your project to work with chat transcript data. 

**Note**:
- When you use a ConversationModel to perform database operations, you need to ensure that the input parameter types match the field definitions to avoid type mismatch errors.
- When you create a ConversationModel instance, the `id`field can be left unpassed and a unique identifier is automatically generated by the database, but`add_conversation_to_db` in the function, if not provided,`conversation_id` one is generated`uuid.uuid4().hex`. 

**Example output**:
Let's say you create a ConversationModel instance with the following property values:
- id: "1234567890abcdef"
- name: "Customer Service Conversation"
- chat_type: "agent_chat"
- create_time: "2023-04-01 12:00:00"

The method output of the instance`__repr__` might be as follows:
```
<Conversation(id='1234567890abcdef', name='客服对话', chat_type='agent_chat', create_time='2023-04-01 12:00:00')>
```
### FunctionDef __repr__(self)
**__repr__**: The function of this function generates and returns a string representing the session object. 

**Parameters**: This function does not accept any external parameters. 

**Code Description**: `__repr__` A method is a special method that defines an "official" string representation of an object. In this scenario,`__repr__` it is defined in `ConversationModel` a class to provide a clear and easy-to-understand representation of the session object. When this method is called, it returns a formatted string that contains several key properties of the session object:`id` ,`name` ,`chat_type` , and  .`create_time` These properties are accessed via `self` the keyword, indicating that they belong to the current session instance. Strings are formatted using f-string, a string formatting mechanism introduced in Python 3.6 and later that allows the value of an expression to be embedded directly into a string constant. 

**Note**: `__repr__` An important rule of thumb for using methods is that the returned string should reflect as much important information about the object as possible, and ideally be able to recreate the object by executing the string (assuming there is the correct context in the environment). While it is not necessary in many practical situations to directly execute `__repr__` the returned string to copy an object, this principle is still a good guideline. In addition, when you print an object during debugging or view an object in an interactive environment,`__repr__` the string returned by the method will be displayed, which helps you quickly identify the state of the object. 

**Example output**: Suppose there is a session object with `id` "123",`name` "Test Conversation",`chat_type` "group",`create_time` and "2023-04-01", then calling  the method `__repr__` will return a string like this:
`"<Conversation(id='123', name='Test Conversation', chat_type='group', create_time='2023-04-01')>"`
***
